So far, I've built out the basic structure of the site. I while have a navigation bar at the top that stickies to the top of the page as you scroll down. What will hopefully go in the space between the two bars is a logo or a header of some sort that won't sticky to the top of the page on scroll. I haven't decided on a font for the navbar yet, so it's just temporarily using the same stuff. I added some placeholder text to the first two boxes as an example of the things that I would want to list. I'm still decided on if I want to keep that same back and forth layout or vary it a little bit more than just that, but regardless the blue background with varying sized white text is going to be the look that I'm going to try to aim for. The text will be placed differently from what is currently displayed as well. Also still trying to decide where would be the best place to put the game images.

Some other things: I have a landing page set up, but not stylized yet, which will hopefully be the page that you land on if you were to enter straight to the site, but the actual homepage is still index.html. I'm not quite sure what to do with the home page yet, but I might just make it an introduction/about page. I also plan on eventually adding a footer bar for a site index/credits stuff which I have a preliminary div for, but it's not stylized yet so it looks pretty plain.

I do plan on eventually going back and changing up the color scheme a little bit more, but for now, I'm more just looking to get the stuff onto the page and looking correctly placed before I worry too much about the colors.